Add layout and sourceId to layer (#56)
zeplin/zeplin-extension-documentation: model/layout.md

## Layout
**Kind**: global interface

<a name="Layout"></a>
* [Layout](#Layout)
    * [.direction](#Layout+direction) : <code>String</code>
    * [.padding](#Layout+padding) : <code>Object</code>
    * [.gap](#Layout+gap) : <code>Number</code>
    * [.sizingMode](#Layout+sizingMode) : <code>String</code>
    * [.alignment](#Layout+alignment) : <code>String</code>

<a name="Layout+direction"></a>
### layout.direction : <code>String</code>
Determines how the children of the layer are laid out in this layer:

>  - "row": The children are placed on a line horizontally
>  - "column": The children are stacked vertically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `"row"`: The children are placed on a line horizontally
 - `"column"`: The children are stacked vertically
```

**Kind**: instance property of [<code>Layout</code>](#Layout)

<a name="Layout+padding"></a>
### layout.padding : <code>Object</code>
Padding between the borders of the layer and its children.

**Kind**: instance property of [<code>Layout</code>](#Layout)

**Properties**

| Name | Type |
| --- | --- |
| horizontal | <code>Number</code> |
| vertical | <code>Number</code> |

<a name="Layout+gap"></a>
### layout.gap : <code>Number</code>
Distance between children of the layer.

**Kind**: instance property of [<code>Layout</code>](#Layout)

<a name="Layout+sizingMode"></a>
### layout.sizingMode : <code>String</code>
Determines if the layer has fixed or automatic length for its axis which is orthogonal to its layout direction, i.e., its width if `Layer.direction` is `"column"` or its height if `Layer.direction` is `"row"`.

**Kind**: instance property of [<code>Layout</code>](#Layout)

<a name="Layout+alignment"></a>
### layout.alignment : <code>String</code>
Determines how the children are aligned inside the layer.

> - When layout direction is `"row"`, `"min"` and `"max"` correspond to `"top"` and `"bottom"`.
> - When layout direction is `"column"`, `"min"` and `"max"` correspond to `"left"` and `"right"`.
> - Setting `"stretch"` will make the node `"stretch"` to fill the width of layers with `"column"` direction, or the height of layers with `"row"` direction.

Reviewer: `"center"` is missing here. Also, it might be easier to understand if we group them by the values of layout direction:

```suggestion
When layout direction is `"row"`:
- `"min"`: Align the children to the top of the layer
- `"max"`: Align the children to the bottom of the layer 
- `"stretch"`: Stretch the children to fill the height of the layer 
- `"center"`: Vertically center the children

When layout direction is `"column"`:
- `"min"`: Align the children to the left of the layer
- `"max"`: Align the children to the right of the layer 
- `"stretch"`: Stretch the children to fill the width of the layer 
- `"center"`: Horizontally center the children
```

> **Kind**: instance property of [<code>Layout</code>](#Layout)

Reviewer: Let's add static properties for the following enum definitions:
- DIRECTION
- SIZING_MODE
- ALIGNMENT

You can take a look at [this](https://github.com/zeplin/zeplin-extension-documentation/blob/2fcc4183abf3eb86549e23d2e7c47eff9b1d2bf0/model/fill.md#fillblend_modes--enum) as an example enum docs.

<a name="Layout"></a>
* [Layout](#Layout)
    * _instance_

>         * [.direction](#Layout+direction) : [<code>DIRECTION</code>](#Fill+DIRECTION)

Reviewer: ~Fill~ Layout. 

Also, headline anchors are not correct. Check the following file for the right URL format.
